hey what's up YouTube
agent phenom back with another exciting
battle review I'm doing this review from
my parents living room in which I grew
up in I know it's pretty simplistic
looking you guys are used to my you know
modern new house but I'm doing it from
where I grew up so here is we have the
battle between the boost complete
nutrition drink high protein vanilla
flavor vs. ensures your sugar shake also
vanilla flavor so on the left for the
boost my mom paid about fifty 95 for box
of twelve eight fluid ounces from
Walmart and on the right also from
Walmart I believe she'd pay about
seventy-five for our pack of six also a
pronounced both vanilla flavor let's
take a close up look at each as you can
see the boost comes in the box there's
some of the nutritional info 240
calories 15 grams of protein some of the
ingredients and look at let's look at
the D in sure it's about 250 calories
just ten more and the boost and it's
only nine grams of protein so I have a
special guest for today's review is my
mom we're gonna be both tasting these so
we don't base these on 3criteria
price taste and nutrition so for the
insure is a little bit more calories but
the boost has the higher protein so
we'll call that it's high the price is
also a tie it turns out they're both to
be lactose free and gluten free which is
appreciated so let's get down to the
taste test
here we go this port alright let's get
started let's open this up in case you
guys let's see what it is about it's
very colourful yeses so by dates and
each container is individually labeled
with the nutritional information which
is appreciated and I believe in the
insides also oh it used to be another
foil cover here's the vanilla it's not
too thick let's try the insurer
do you guys remember I reviewed the
chocolate for both except that boost it
was a high protein it was like it was
like heist something chic
I believe this high calorie last time
ooh look at a color it's slightly less
yellowish
alright we let my mom try it she's gonna
try the high protein first the face glue
please good little sweet so she says it
tastes good but a little bit too sweet
now for the ensure very little sleep
so it's lightly sweetened it looks like
this not as it looks like it's more
fluid
well less thick than the boost
no this won't lines her since she tried
that booze first I'm going to try to
ensure first so make sure you know it we
probably sweetness the taste palates
here we go
so it definitely smells like ensure like
you typically nutritional shake smell
it's creamy
doesn't have vanilla flavor eat it goes
on pretty smooth lady but from own
personal preference I still like the
chocolate better
this is this some weird vanilla taste
that I don't like it
nutritional protein shake let's try to
boost kind of reminds me ignore you know
that color it's got something like
chocolatey I'm sorry like vanilla
drink mix type of snow it's not this
doesn't have such flavor aroma I say
sure it's definitely a lot more sweeter
it's not bad
you know so my mom said he's the boost
she'll give a 90% Wadley I'm sure she
would give it 85% she I guess prefers
that richer taste but she likes both for
me personally I think they ensure beats
out of boost because I don't like my
drinks to be overly sweet you know like
if you drink half way and then it's too
sweet you don't want to drink anymore so
they ensure for me gets the 85% but the
boost gets a eighty-two percent they're
very similar in flavor but there you
have it either what do well for your
body but if you're looking for high
protein you probably want to go with a
boost but for taste wise I recommend the
ensure but like I said before chocolate
the Stefan the better way to go hope you
guys enjoy the review that's my
collaboration review in my mind with
doing this review from st. Louis maybe
Happy Holidays Happy New Year
you